So it just finish off by creating reducers action types and now it's time to create our store.
So remember we have to create our store by passing and our producer can't co-create store without passing
in a function.
So first we're going to import our reproducer from Flash producers seem as producers slash index.
You've seen that before.
We're also going to import a few things from the Reebok's library create store apply middleware and
compose and these are from redox.
Now composed going to allow us to combine functions together.
This is going to be useful for the second parameter of create store and apply middleware is going to
be very useful for any kind of middleware that we want.
Specifically we want to think middleware this is going to come in from redux stock.
This will allow us to delay the evaluation of some expression and it's essential for working with asynchronous
code in redux.
There are other libraries that do this but I think dunk is the easiest to get up and running with.
So we're now going to export a function we can call this configure store and it's going to make us more
which is the result of the create store function that we brought in from redox first parameter is always
some kind of function or reduce or let's pass and introduce her as a second parameter.
We're going to enhance the store will Passons of Middler what we're going to compose two pieces of middleware
together we're going to first passen apply middleware and hasn't done.
We're also going to pass in the ability to debug using the redux dev tools.
So it's going can look like this is usually some code that no copy and or link to in the section notes
or type and window that dev tools that extension you can see why we don't want to copy and paste is
I'm already making typos if that exists.
We'll go with windowed dev tools that extension and call that otherwise we'll just make a function and
call that.
So once again this is code OKB in Arlington to the section notes.
This is going to be really useful for debugging or application in the redox of tools.
Finally let's just return that story.
So he simply brought in our reproducer brought in some redox tools and middleware and we brought in
we think Middler
So what we configured our store we're in pretty good shape from a redux standpoint.
We're not going away.
Is there any kind of actions are getting to producers.
We're just going to do some setups that we can actually create a store and pass that in to our objects.
So let's head over to our Actually yes yes will do here is take out some of that logo and CSSA stuff
muzhik out.
Actually most of this each Tiano here what we're really going to do is first import a couple of things
let's import the provider component that comes from re-act read us.
We need a provider component so we can map our entire application using the redux store.
We'll also import the configure store function and that came from that flash store.
So what are we going to do with this provider.
Well let's make sure that we first create the store.
So we'll call configure store and we'll then inside of our application pass in that story.
So we can actually this a stateless functional component and we'll create a variable called app which
is going to be a function and you will return our provider component and that provider component always
accepts a prop called store
so that in a problem store and its value is the store that we created online 5s.
So we'll just make a diff as a bit of a placeholder before we put in some additional components.
So the next thing you want to configure is the reactor.
So let's import browser router and we'll Elyas that as router.
See this commonly done from reata router.
We're going to have the router so we can navigate from page to page.
And have a really nice client side router.
So what do we do with the provider inside the provider we're going to pass in our router the router
component is going to be the provider component.
So if you will please a div and inside of this div well place in the string Hello world.
We'll keep it real simple.
We have the provider of the router and a simple device that says Hello world.
Let's try to run our application.
And I see Minutes errors and it's a great time to debug the.
So we go to lose 3000.
We'll see if we get.
And it looks like we're getting an airfield to compile cannot resolve dot slash
So let's go back toward anextra Yes.
And this refers to the application that starts our entire application.
And that's because you can't find app remember replace the app inside of data flash containers slash
app.
It would take it like this right now we're going to get another error cannot resolve react in our component's
file.
Let's make sure that we've actually NPM installed to make sure that we include react and react on.
We have all these other modules but we just forgot to install react and react on OSes to make sure that
Muncey's create re-adapt you NPM install.
I get too excited to build this.
I forgot to install.
That's OK.
It just happens.
So let's start again and we'll see what we have.
And it looks like we are.
Hello world.
Great.
Well I also want to take a look at these Roxton of tools.
So it looks like be configured or stored correctly.
We have a current user with this authenticated.
We also have an errors key as well with a message of no.
We're going to using these tools quite a bit to see changes to our state and make sure that we're dispatching
actions correctly.
So that was all configured where we created and configured our store.
So that happened inside of next that yes where we configured store and passed in that window deductables
extension.
You also have to make sure that you install that Chrome extension.
You can use it in Firefox as well I believe but I'm just using Chrome right now.
So we've set up a very small actually yes connects to our read store.
It uses the re-act router.
Now we're going to start including some components that allow for routing as well as a simple app or.